chore(parent): Upgrade Quarkus to 3.7.2 (#4073)
camunda/camunda-bpm-platform: quarkus-extension/README.md

quarkus.datasource.my-datasource.password=camunda
quarkus.datasource.my-datasource.jdbc.url=jdbc:h2:mem:camunda;TRACE_LEVEL_FILE=0;DB_CLOSE_ON_EXIT=FALSE
quarkus.camunda.datasource=my-datasource
```

### Local Build

#### Executing the Tests
```mvn clean install -Pquarkus-tests```

---------
#### Quarkus and juel bytecode incompatibilities

> **Context**: juel was built with a different java version. Quarkus won't pick up new build changes.

Author: 👍 Added, thanks for the useful reference.

> **Solution**: If you notice juel exceptions like below, delete juel/target folder and execute again.

Reviewer: 🙃 
```suggestion
**Solution**: If you notice juel exceptions like below, delete `/juel/target` folder and run the Quarkus build again.
```
